fixfiles: add page (#9161)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/fixfiles.md

# fixfiles

> Fix file SELinux security contexts.

> > More information: <https://manned.org/fixfiles.8>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/fixfiles>.
```

> - If specified with onboot, this fixfiles will record the current date in the /.autorelabel file, so that it can be used later to speed up labeling. If used with restore, the restore will only affect files that were modified today:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If specified with onboot, this fixfiles will record the current date in the `/.autorelabel` file, so that it can be used later to speed up labeling. If used with restore, the restore will only affect files that were modified today:
```

`fixfiles -B`

> - Force reset of context to match file_context for customizable files:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Force reset of context to match `file_context` for customizable files:
```

> - Force reset of context to match `file_context` for customizable files:
> 
> `fixfiles -F`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [F]orce reset of context to match `file_context` for customizable files:

`fixfiles -F`
```

Optional fix: mnemonic can be added.

> - Clear /tmp directory with out prompt for removal:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Clear `/tmp` directory with out prompt for removal:
```

> - Clear `/tmp` directory with out prompt for removal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clear `/tmp` directory without confirmation:
```

`fixfiles -f`

> - Use the rpm database to discover all files within the specified packages and restore the file contexts:
> 
> `fixfiles -R rpmpackagename[,rpmpackagename...]`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Use the [R]pm database to discover all files within specific packages and restore the file contexts:

`fixfiles -R {{rpm_package_name1,rpm_package_name2 ...}}`
```

Almost the same issue as above.
Optional fix: `specific` may sound better.
Mandatory fix: [ellipsis must be used for several items](https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#special-cases).

> - Run a diff on  the PREVIOUS_FILECONTEXT file to the currently installed one, and restore the context of all affected files:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run a diff on the `PREVIOUS_FILECONTEXT` file to the currently installed one, and restore the context of all affected files:
```

> - Run a diff on the `PREVIOUS_FILECONTEXT` file to the currently installed one, and restore the context of all affected files:
> 
> `fixfiles -C PREVIOUS_FILECONTEXT`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Run a diff on the `PREVIOUS_FILECONTEXT` file to the [C]urrently installed one, and restore the context of all affected files:

`fixfiles -C PREVIOUS_FILECONTEXT`
```

Almost the same issue as above.

- Only act on files created after the specified date.  Date must be specified in "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM" format.  Date field will be passed to find --newermt command:

> `fixfiles -N time`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`fixfiles -N {{time}}`
```
I have no idea whether `time` is a placeholder or not even though I have `fixfiles` present in Fedora.

> - Only act on files created after the specified date.  Date must be specified in "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM" format.  Date field will be passed to find --newermt command:
> 
> `fixfiles -N {{time}}`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Only act on files created after a specific date which will be passed to find `--newermt` command:

`fixfiles -N {{YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM}}`
```

Almost the same issue as above.
Optional fix: option name in description can be surrounded with backticks.
Optional fix: placeholder content can be changed to show expected time format.

> - Bind mount filesystems before relabeling them, this allows fixing the context of files or directories that have been mounted over:
> 
> `fixfiles -M`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Bind [M]ount filesystems before relabeling them, this allows fixing the context of files or directories that have been mounted over:

`fixfiles -M`
```

Almost the same issue as above.

> - Modify verbosity from progress to verbose. (Run restorecon with -v instead of -p):
> 
> `fixfiles -v`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Modify [v]erbosity from progress to verbose and run `restorecon` with `-v` instead of `-p`:

`fixfiles -v`
```

Almost the same issue as above.
Optional fix: command and option names in description can be surrounded with backticks.
